So what if I admit it to you?
No one will believe you, the poison that has shamed the royal family
Woman, you framed me in the temple
It will only make Brother Hao more disgusted
It doesn't matter if you hate it or not
The important thing is that you admit it.
You are only stubborn now
No wonder Brother Hao thinks you are dirty
I have to take medicine to touch you
He told you?
If he hadn't said you think I would have known
This fool Zhao always must be your father
At that time
You don't want to know why he told me
Yes, but I think
Nothing happened.
The three of you can't sit down and have a good chat
What are you doing?
You let me go
Let go of me and come here
What are you doing?
Let him go
Just now, Princess Qi said that you only have him in your heart
He also told him that he had to take medicine to travel far away
Finally, he said that he put the wisteria
Since he can speak to me
Naturally, I can say it to your face